=> HR Questions :

1. Tell me about yourself.
=> Myself, Tirth Rathod. I am from Ahmedabad, Gujarat. I completed my schooling in the science 
stream at Kumkum School. I'm currently undergoing training at TOPS Technologies for Full Stack 
Developer. I am calm in both my personal and professional settings, I am adaptive to my env. 
and my discipline makes me well organised and structured. In my free time I like to draw 
sketches, watch mystery or sci-fi movies and play chess. I am logical thinker, who trys to 
find the most effective solutions, combined with being a quick-learner it greatly enchances my 
abilities. I am not that expressive. And I belive in myself. Yeah, that's all about me.

2. Describe yourself in one word.
=> I am calm person. In both my professional and personal settings I maintain a composed 
demeanor. Even in high-pressure situations, I approach them with a level-headed mindset. 
This calmness allows me to think critically, make rational decisions, and effectively navigate 
through various scenarios.

3. Tell me about your strength and weakness
=> As a logical thinker I excel at analyzing complex problems and finding a effective solutions.
It helps me break down intricate tasks into smaller components for systematic and efficient
problem-solving. Moreover, I am quick learner which empowers me to swiftly graps new concepts,
technologies and adapt to evolving env. This combination enhances my ability me to thrive in 
dynamic and challenging solutions.

4. Why did you apply for this job?
=> Research about the company and talk about the companies recent achievements. How your 
abilities and skills fit right for the position. Mention about the workplace env and how you
thrive in that setting. Express oppurtunity of your growth and development with this job and
how it aligns with your long term goal.

5. What are your hobbies?
=> In my free time I like to draw sketches, watch mystery or sci-fi movies and play chess 
with london opening.

6. Where do you see yourself in next 5 years?
=> In the next 5 years, I see myself well equipped with knowledge and resources of my field, 
better skills, more mature than now and at a decent position in the managerial ladder of the 
organization, where I would be dealing with more challenges and working as an asset for the 
organization.

7. Why do you want to work with this organization?
=> Similar answer to 4.

8. Tell us what do you know about our organization?
=> Research

9. Do you have any idea about our biggest competitor?
=> Research

10. What motivates you for doing a good job?
=>

11. What is an ideal job for you?

12. What is the difference between a group and a team?

13. Are you a team player? or Do you like working in a team?

14. Are you good at handling pressure or deadlines?

15. When can you start? or when can you join?

16. How flexible are you regarding overtime?

17. Are you willing to re-located for work?

18. Why do you think you are the right candidate for this job?

19. How you can be a asset to the organization?

20. What is your salary expectation?

21. How long do you plan to remain with this organization?

22. What is your objective in life?

23. Would you like to complete your master's is future?

24. How have you plan to achieve your career goals?

25. Can you tell us about your biggest achievement of your life?

26. What was the most challenging decision you have ever made?

27. What kind of work env. do you prefer to work in?

28. What is the difference between smartwork and hardwork?

29. What will you do if you don't get hired? 

30. Tell us three things that are most important for you in a job.

31. Who is your role model? and what have you learned from him/her?

32. In case of disagrement how do you handle the situation?

33. What is the difference between confidence and over confidence?

34. If you have more than enough money in hand right now would you still want to work?

35. Do you have any questions for us?